You're correct - I can see the permission issue is preventing me from running the commands directly. The vite executable doesn't have execute permissions, which is causing the "Permission denied" error.

However, I can still fix this for you! Let me resolve the permission issue:

chmod +x node_modules/.bin/vite
After fixing the permissions, let's also make sure we're in the right directory and try running the frontend:

npm run dev -- --host 0.0.0.0 --port 5173
The project setup looks correct - it's just a Linux file permissions issue that's common in containerized environments like Replit. Once we fix the executable permissions on the vite binary, it should work perfectly.

Your code structure is solid and all the imports/exports look correct. The issue isn't with your code - it's just this one permission problem preventing the dev server from starting.

Apply all:
Run shell command:
chmod +x node_modules/.bin/vite
Run shell command:
npm run dev -- --host 0.0.0.0 --port 5173
Nothing to commit
ok ill take it to my vs code n ill put the commadnds u want there will that be ok?

AJ

20210802222
Assistant
just now
That's absolutely fine! Testing it in VS Code will work great. Just keep in mind a few things when you move it over:

Backend Configuration: The backend is currently configured to connect to a MySQL database at localhost:3307. You'll need to either:

Set up a local MySQL database
Or modify the database connection in app.py to use SQLite for testing
CORS Settings: The backend has CORS enabled for cross-origin requests, so the frontend should work fine with the backend.

Commands to run:

Frontend: cd wellness-coach-ai/frontend && npm install && npm run dev
Backend: cd wellness-coach-ai/backend && pip install -r requirements.txt && python app.py
Port Configuration: The frontend is set to run on port 5173 (Vite default) and expects the backend on port 5000.

The permission issue you're seeing here is specific to the Replit environment - it won't happen in VS Code. Your code structure is solid and should work perfectly once you get it running locally!

Let me know if you run into any issues when testing in VS Code and I can help troubleshoot.


